change limit description for all API's required (#2008)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/references/http-websocket-apis/public-api-methods/account-methods/account_channels.md

| `destination_account` | String - [Address][] | No        | A second account; if provided, filter results to payment channels whose destination is this account. |
| `ledger_hash`         | String               | No        | A 20-byte hex string for the ledger version to use. (See [Specifying Ledgers][]) |
| `ledger_index`        | Number or String     | No        | The [ledger index][] of the ledger to use, or a shortcut string to choose a ledger automatically. (See [Specifying Ledgers][]) |

> | `limit`               | Number               | No        | Set transaction retrieval limit between 10 and 400. Invalid numbers are replaced with the closest valid option. Default is 200.|

Reviewer: Please keep the language closer to the original where possible.

```suggestion
| `limit`               | Number               | No        | Limit the number of transactions to retrieve. Cannot be less than 10 or more than 400. Values outside this range are replaced with the closest valid option. The default is 200. |
```
